Do you know how much 200 million is?
It's money you can't earn in ten lifetimes
I can kill you with money
What if Aotian is not my biological?
He can bring me
It's a lot more than that losing money.
I'm not just a billionaire now
And the mother of a future Olympic champion
Aotian can make me famous and rich
But you can ask the money-losing product.
He is nothing but my biological daughter
What can he bring me?
Chang Aotian Chang Aotian is nothing
We broke the world record
How can the world be so cold?
Ruthless mother
Ah, never mind.
I never treated him anyway
Have any illusions
Daughter dad sorry for you
Dad is not capable
That's why you're being bullied with your dad
Dad, don't say that
If your leg hadn't been injured in the first place
You must be doing well now.
Even coaching the national team
That woman wouldn't dare to do that to you
Forget it, forget about the past
text
Although your mother
But I still want to give it to your grandma
And give your uncle a call
Let them know
Lest they say we have no manners?
I'm fine